Write in the previews Statoil toil we detected the faces using the detect Montell scale method from
our face cascade object and we gather the coordinates and the width and height of the detector rectangles
in faces we iterated through the faces to draw the rectangles around them.
And now now that we have those rectangles we can detect the eyes because we are actually going to take
the eyes in the referential of the faces that is in the referentially of these rectangles.
So the first thing we're going to do to detect the eyes is to get to region of interest inside the rectangles
and y2 region of interest because we need one region of interest for the black and white image in which
the cascade is going to be applied to detect the eyes.
And of course one other region of interest for the original colored image because we will draw the rectangles
in the original color image.
So let's get these two regions of interest.
So the first one for the black and white image.
I'm going to call it our I underscore gray and I'm going to take my gray image that is the black and
white image and I'm going to take the zone of the rectangles which corresponds to the first range y
Collin y plus H H is the height and then Same for x which is the x coordinate of the upper left corner
of the rectangle.
And we're taking the range from x to x.
Plus the width which is W..
Right now we have our zone of interest which corresponds exactly to the zone inside the detector rectangle.
But remember we need to do that.
We need to get a region of interest for both the gray images and the original color image.
So I'm introducing a new variable here which is going to be our own eye color design for the original
color image and therefore I need to here not gray but frame which is my original color image and the
same zones of coordinates.
All right so now we have two region of interest the zone inside the rectangle detecting the faces both
in the black and white image and the colored image.
And now now that we have this we can detect the eyes.
And we're going to detect them in the region of interest.
Of course the gray image because the Cascades are applied in black and white images.
And so how are we going to detect the eyes.
Well we're going to do exactly the same as what we did for the faces we're going to introduce a new
variable which we're going to call ice then we're going to take our eye cascade object from the cascade
classified class and we're going to apply to detect multihulls scale method to detect the ice that is
to get the coordinates of the upper left corner of the rectangle detecting the eyes and the width and
the height of these rectangles.
So basically what we simply need to do is take this and here paste it replies here faces by eyes.
That's a new variable to get these doubles of coordinates with and height for the eyes the rectangle
detecting the eyes.
And here we of course need to take not our face Cascada object but our eye Cascada objects and then
same to detect multifocal method to detect Montell scale method as a method of the Cascade pass first
class so we can use it for as many objects of the Cascade class for class as we want and then do we
need to replace here Grey by something.
Yes of course because we're detecting the eyes in the referential of the face there is a zone inside
the rectangle detecting the face.
That's just in order to save some computation time.
So of course we need to replace Gray here by the region of interest in black and white and that is all
I underscore.
Gray.
Perfect.
And then are we going to change these numbers here.
I remind that this first one here corresponds to descale factor by which we reduce the size of the images
or equivalently by which we increase the size of the filters.
That is the kernels.
And yes we are going to replace it by 1 point 1 again.
This is by experimenting.
We get some good results with that some fast result.
So 1.1 and then are we going to keep the same number of minimum neighbors.
I remind this is the minimum number of zones around the accepted zone to be accepted and yes we are
going to replace it by 3.
That will give us some good results.
All right.
So we now have our eyes.
That is a table of the coordinates of the upper left corner.
The width and the height of the rectangle surrounding the eyes.
And so now we are ready to start a new for loop in which.
Well again we will draw the rectangles around the ice so we'll do that in the next to tutorial and until
then enjoy computer vision.